Update TeamViewerPS.md docs (#110)
teamviewer/TeamViewerPS: Docs/TeamViewerPS.md

[`Set-TeamViewerGroup`](Help/Set-TeamViewerGroup.md)

[`Unpublish-TeamViewerGroup`](Help/Unpublish-TeamViewerGroup.md)

## User Management

Manage the user accounts of a TeamViewer company / tenant via the TeamViewer web API.

[`Get-TeamViewerAccount`](Help/Get-TeamViewerAccount.md)

[`Get-TeamViewerEffectivePermission`](Help/Get-TeamViewerEffectivePermission.md)

[`Get-TeamViewerRoleByUser`](Help/Get-TeamViewerRoleByUser.md)

[`Get-TeamViewerUser`](Help/Get-TeamViewerUser.md)

[`New-TeamViewerUser`](Help/New-TeamViewerUser.md)

[`Remove-TeamViewerUser`](Help/Remove-TeamViewerUser.md)

[`Remove-TeamViewerUserTFA`](Help/Remove-TeamViewerUserTFA.md)

[`Set-TeamViewerAccount`](Help/Set-TeamViewerAccount.md)

[`Set-TeamViewerUser`](Help/Set-TeamViewerUser.md)

## User Groups

Manage the user groups of a TeamViewer company / tenant via the TeamViewer web API.

> Have user groups to organize company / tenant users.

Reviewer: I am not sure what this line wanted to say already in the old version. I guess it can be removed without losing relevant information.

[`Add-TeamViewerUserGroupMember`](Help/Add-TeamViewerUserGroupMember.md)

[`Get-TeamViewerRoleByUserGroup`](Help/Get-TeamViewerRoleByUserGroup.md)

[`Get-TeamViewerUserGroup`](Help/Get-TeamViewerUserGroup.md)

[`Get-TeamViewerUserGroupMember`](Help/Get-TeamViewerUserGroupMember.md)

[`New-TeamViewerUserGroup`](Help/New-TeamViewerUserGroup.md)

[`Remove-TeamViewerUserGroup`](Help/Remove-TeamViewerUserGroup.md)

[`Remove-TeamViewerUserGroupMember`](Help/Remove-TeamViewerUserGroupMember.md)

[`Set-TeamViewerUserGroup`](Help/Set-TeamViewerUserGroup.md)

## Roles

Manage the roles of a TeamViewer company / tenant via the TeamViewer web API.

> Have roles to assign permissions to company / tenant users.

Reviewer: This line also feels unnecessary. Perhaps rewording it would make it useful?
```suggestion
Company / tenant users receive permissions by roles that are assigned to them or their groups.
```
Even though this does not feel really necessary overall.

> Utilities that help managing the local TeamViewer client.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this also be a header introduced? It does not really belong to Event Logs & Reporting.
```suggestion
## Utilities that help managing the local TeamViewer client.
```
